README.rst, before:

****************************
Mopidy-OE1
****************************

.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/Mopidy-OE1/badge.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Mopidy-OE1/
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/tischlda/mopidy-oe1.png?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/tischlda/mopidy-oe1
    :alt: Travis CI build status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/tischlda/mopidy-oe1/badge.png?branch=master
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/tischlda/mopidy-oe1?branch=master
   :alt: Test coverage

`Mopidy <http://www.mopidy.com/>`_ extension to access the Austrian radio station
`OE1 <http://oe1.orf.at/>`_. It provides access to the live stream and the 7-day-archive.

Installation
============

Install by running::

    sudo pip install Mopidy-OE1


Project resources
=================

- `Source code <https://github.com/tischlda/mopidy-oe1>`_
- `Issue tracker <https://github.com/tischlda/mopidy-oe1/issues>`_


Changelog
=========

v0.2.0 (UNRELEASED)
-------------------

- Require Mopidy >= 1.0

v0.1.0 (2014-09-27)
-------------------

- Initial release.

Commit message:

library: Remove search and find_exact dummies
The search API has changed. Since search isn't implemented anyway, it
is better to inherit the default implementations.

README.rst, after:

****************************
Mopidy-OE1
****************************

.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/Mopidy-OE1/badge.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Mopidy-OE1/
    :alt: Latest PyPI version

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/tischlda/mopidy-oe1.png?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/tischlda/mopidy-oe1
    :alt: Travis CI build status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/tischlda/mopidy-oe1/badge.png?branch=master
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/tischlda/mopidy-oe1?branch=master
   :alt: Test coverage

`Mopidy <http://www.mopidy.com/>`_ extension to access the Austrian radio station
`OE1 <http://oe1.orf.at/>`_. It provides access to the live stream and the 7-day-archive.

Installation
============

Install by running::

    sudo pip install Mopidy-OE1


Project resources
=================

- `Source code <https://github.com/tischlda/mopidy-oe1>`_
- `Issue tracker <https://github.com/tischlda/mopidy-oe1/issues>`_


Changelog
=========

v0.2.0 (UNRELEASED)
-------------------

- Require Mopidy >= 1.0

- Update to work with changed backend APIs in Mopidy 1.0

v0.1.0 (2014-09-27)
-------------------

- Initial release.
